Update README.md (#26)
CasperLabs/client-py: README.md

Note, the name of the package available on PyPi is `casperlabs-client` (with hyphen),
but the name of the library as well as the CLI is written with underscore: `casperlabs_client`.

## Linux Installation

> These instructions are for UBuntu 18.04 (or greater)

Reviewer: i'd stick to 18.04 right now as I haven't verified this on anything else.

Reviewer 2: Many of us are running 20.04, but with Python 3.8 (which is default).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These instructions are for Ubuntu 18.04 and 20.04.  

Note that default versions of Python you will use is different for both versions of Ubuntu.
```

Note, the name of the package available on PyPi is `casperlabs-client` (with hyphen),
but the name of the library as well as the CLI is written with underscore: `casperlabs_client`.

## Linux Installation

These instructions are for Ubuntu 18.04 and 20.04.
Note: The default versions of Python are different for both versions of Ubuntu.
These steps are required prior to activating the Python environment every time the client is used.

`casperlabs-client` is a Python 3.7+ module, it does not support Python 2.7.

##### For Ubuntu 18.04 follow these steps to activate the environment:
```
sudo apt install gcc
sudo apt install python3.7
sudo apt-get install python3.7-dev
virtualenv -p python3.7 env

> source env/bin/activate

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I would remove this from here and only have below.

```

##### For Ubuntu 20.04 follow these steps:
```
sudo apt install gcc
sudo apt install python3.8
sudo apt-get install python3.8-dev
virtualenv -p python3.8 env
```

> ### Install the Client

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Activate the environment

Each time you use the virtual environment you need to activate it.  This is done with a script inside the `env` directory you created.

`source env/bin/activate`

### Install the Client
```

or
[virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/).

These steps should help you set up your Python environment for the client.

```
sudo apt install gcc
sudo apt install python3.7
sudo apt-get install python3.7-dev

> virtualenv -p python3.7 env

Reviewer 2: This will fail for Ubuntu 20.04.  There is no python3.7 package.  If there is a python3.8 package on 18.04, it would probably be safest to use that instead.

Reviewer 2: I believe that 18.04 was only up to 3.7.  So we might need to sections for 18.04 and 20.04.

Reviewer 2: Looks like I can't suggest an edit via web with the "```" which suggest uses.

I would have the above as 18.04 instructions.

Then have 20.04 instructions with:

sudo apt install gcc
sudo apt install python3.8
sudo apt-get install python3.8-dev
virtualenv -p python3.8 env

> These steps should help you set up your Python environment for the client.
> 
> ```
> sudo apt install gcc
> sudo apt install python3.7
> sudo apt-get install python3.7-dev
> virtualenv -p python3.7 env

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These steps should help you set up your Python environment for the client on Ubuntu 18.04.

```
sudo apt install gcc
sudo apt install python3.7
sudo apt-get install python3.7-dev
virtualenv -p python3.7 env
```

These steps should help you set up your Python environment for the client on Ubuntu 20.04.

```
sudo apt install gcc
sudo apt install python3.8
sudo apt-get install python3.8-dev
virtualenv -p python3.8 env
```
```

> source env/bin/activate

Reviewer 2: We probably need to make this clear that you need to run this every time you wish to activate the environment where you will run the client.
